what's up guys name from forward
progress Madden and in this video I'm
going to take my first look into the
madden 13 game for specifically at the
legendary playbooks the first one I'm
going to look at though is the Vince
Lombardi playbook the reason this
playbook calls out to me is because the
personnel remains consistent from
formation to formation throughout the
entire playbook you'll notice that every
single formation uses a 22 series
meaning two running backs two wide
receivers one tight end that's even
going for the shotgun there's only one
shotgun formation in this book and it
actually slightly resembles the empty
eagle H shotgun formation from Madden 12
so if you were a fan of that you might
like this Vince Lombardi playbook not to
mention there are some really unique
formation such as the ones we're looking
at right here the double wing and the
brown I believe it's called the brown
right yes Brent in the brown double wing
and in this offense the Vince Lombardi
offense the full-back is a key cog to
running the ball moving down field in
short increments the reason being back
in that time when the power runs
specifically the power sweep was used
the wings got out on the edge and held
block for the fullback and Vince
Lombardi was a big fan of pulling both
the strong side guard and the weak side
guard and creating an ally as he like to
call it for the full-back to hit you
know when I think about teams and
running this you got the power run with
Vince Lombardi the West Coast passing
schemes in this 80's 90's and I think
believe I believe even the 60 series
lots of Bill Walsh esque type passes so
when I think about teams I think about
the New York Jets because you got Shawn
green who could really fit that
old-school fullback role he's straight
ahead downhill runner if it's that that
you know that true fullback role in a
Lombardi style or even the it kind of
resembles the college flexbone style
offense and Joe McKnight is a great wing
that you can use to get the edge utilize
on draws and fullback bellies if you
will but then also the fact that you
have this West Coast
offense allows for tim tebow to really
get out and throw some short passes get
him in the flow of the game as well as
you've got a lot of sprint option type
of plays like I know Bill Walsh's
favorite play was sprint option right
that's actually the play that one the
Niners the NFC Championship against the
Cowboys on the famous I'm using
quotations catch play so really do some
mental labbing with this playbook and
next week we'll be diving into another
legendary playbook thanks guys also make
sure you tune in this friday for the
second edition of ford progress friday
in which i break down full gameplay
footage of a game that I play against
the subscriber feel free to contact me
if you're interested in playing in that
thanks guys